OCPBUG#10557: Added note related to VMware vSphere CSI driver operator (#60960)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/vmware-csi-driver-reqs.adoc

* Virtual machines of hardware version 15 or later
* No third-party vSphere CSI driver already installed in the cluster

> If a third-party vSphere CSI driver is present in the cluster, {product-title} does not overwrite it. The presence of a third-party vSphere CSI driver prevents {product-title} from upgrading to {product-title} 4.13 or later.

Reviewer: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/term_glossary.adoc#update

Update is preferred over upgrade for consistency in our docs:

```suggestion
If a third-party vSphere CSI driver is present in the cluster, {product-title} does not overwrite it. The presence of a third-party vSphere CSI driver prevents {product-title} from updating to {product-title} 4.13 or later.
```

Author: ack

[NOTE]
====

> VMware vSphere CSI Driver Operator will only work on vSphere clusters.

Reviewer 2: How about 
```suggestion
The VMware vSphere CSI Driver Operator  is only supported on OpenShift when the cluster has been deployed with `platform: vsphere` in the install manifest.```

Reviewer 2: cc @gnufied if you have better idea :)

Author: Ack.

> The VMware vSphere CSI Driver Operator  is only supported on OpenShift when the cluster has been deployed with `platform: vsphere` in the install manifest.

Reviewer: It renders fine in the preview, but there's an extra space after "Operator" in this note.

Author: Ack

> The VMware vSphere CSI Driver Operator  is only supported on OpenShift when the cluster has been deployed with `platform: vsphere` in the install manifest.

Reviewer: Suggestion for minimalism and closer placement of "only":

```suggestion
The VMware vSphere CSI Driver Operator is supported only on clusters deployed with `platform: vsphere` in the install manifest.
```

Author: Ack.

> The VMware vSphere CSI Driver Operator  is only supported on OpenShift when the cluster has been deployed with `platform: vsphere` in the install manifest.

Author: I will go with "installation manifest" too. Ack.

> VThe VMware vSphere CSI Driver Operator  is only supported on OpenShift when the cluster has been deployed with `platform: vsphere` in the install manifest.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The VMware vSphere CSI Driver Operator is only supported on OpenShift when the cluster has been deployed with `platform: vsphere` in the install manifest.
```

Author: Ack
